Asimo was created by Honda's research
and development subsidiary
we were allowed to film their top-secret
robotics laboratory
Japan is a worldwide leader in the
development of humanoid robots
Asimo is the country's crowning
achievement engineers continue to make
improvements
Asimo's most innovative feature is its
advanced intelligence the robot can
think and act on its own without human
intervention that's made possible by
sensors that replicate our five senses
Asimo's head contains eight microphones
it uses them to listen and engage in
conversation
two cameras work his eyes they can
detect humans and you store data to
identify them
official recognition problem I don't
think so
please cover your face Asimo artificial
intelligence analyzes a vast array of
information that's how it understands
people's request and takes appropriate
actions
Asimo also has a sophisticated sense of
touch its fingers can make subtle
movements like a person's sensors are
embedded in the fingertips to they can
gauge the hardness of an object like
human fingers do
most robots use a fixed amount of
strength to grab things but a single
exerts more power to open a tightly
sealed water bottle and less when
holding a paper cup
it's artificial intelligence uses
information from the fingertips sensors
to adjust the grip
the developers ultimate goal is for
awesome oh to be a valuable partner that
coexists with humans
the engineers who created Asimo all grew
up watching animated shows about robots
such as
Astro-boy that I'm own and Gundam they
dreamed of someday making their own
Satoshi she gave me is the development
teams leader he has been designing
robots for the past 16 years from the
beginning we wanted to design a robot
that could help people to realize that
dream
we are constantly asking ourselves what
kind of robot would be able to change
society make people happy and make life
easier for people around the world
our idea is to create a robot that will
change how people live
we're working through the technological
issues one by one in order to reach that
goal
nos vemos advanced physical capabilities
are revolutionary the robot can walk and
run it can reach speeds of up to nine
kilometers an hour for robots
walking is much easier than running
when running both be momentarily leave
the ground balancing in midair is no
easy task
we really gonna kill maintaining posture
while jumping or floating in the air was
a major technological breakthrough
Asimo liens its upper body slightly
forward to maintain overall balance it
goes forward straight forward straight
in the air sensor is an awesome most
waste measure the robots angle it leans
slightly to compensate forward or back
side to side
that's how it stays perfectly balanced
in the air
asimo has been evolving ever since
development began in nineteen eighty-six
much like a growing child